DataColor Software License Agreement
This agreement is a formal agreement between you (an individual or a single entity) and BAIT Lab regarding the DataColor software product (hereinafter referred to as "the software"). By installing, copying, or using the software product in any way, you agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. If you do not agree to this agreement, you do not have the right to use the software product.
Software Protection Terms
1.The software product is developed by BAIT Lab. All ownership and intellectual property rights of the software product (including but not limited to any images, data, text, and additional programs (dll, exe, etc.) contained in the software product, accompanying help materials, and any copies of the software product) are protected by the copyright laws of the People's Republic of China and international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. The user is granted only the right to use the software product.
2.Users shall not engage in any behavior that damages BAIT Lab's rights and interests, and shall not perform the following acts (including but not limited to):
a. Delete all copyright information about the software on the software and other copies;
b. Reverse engineer the software, such as disassemble or decompile;
c. Modify or destroy the original state of the software.
3.If the user fails to comply with any of the terms of this agreement, BAIT Lab has the right to terminate this agreement immediately and reserve the right to pursue legal action.
4.If there is a need for commercial sales, copying and distribution, such as pre-installation and bundling of the software, written authorization and permission from BAIT Lab must be obtained.
5.Users must have the necessary conditions to run the software product, and must ensure that they are authorized to use the Microsoft IE component of the Windows operating system. To the extent permitted by applicable law, BAIT Lab shall not be liable for any special, unexpected, direct, or indirect infringement or loss incurred by the user due to the use or inability to use the software product, even if the possibility of such damage has been previously notified.
6.Users should understand that the use of the software product involves Internet services, which may be affected by unstable factors in various links. Therefore, there are risks of service interruption or failure to meet user requirements due to force majeure, computer viruses or hacker attacks, system instability, user location, user shutdown, and any other technical, internet, communication line, and other reasons. Users must bear the above risks, and the company does not guarantee them.
7.The information content defined by the company includes: text, software, sound, photos, videos, and graphics; commercial information provided by the company to users. All such content is protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property and ownership laws. Therefore, users can only use such content with the company's authorization and cannot copy, modify, or compile such content or create derivative products related to the content without authorization.
User Usage Notice
Users are reminded that the use of the Internet must comply with relevant national policies and laws, such as the Criminal Law, National Security Law, Confidentiality Law, Computer Information System Security Protection Regulations, Intellectual Property Law, etc., to protect national interests and national security. Users shall be fully responsible for all liabilities arising from illegal use of the Internet.
1.Users shall not use this software to engage in activities that violate the laws and regulations of the country.
2.This software, like most Internet software, is vulnerable to various security issues, including but not limited to:
a. Downloading and installing other software containing viruses such as "Trojan horses," threatening the security of personal computer information and data, and therefore threatening the use of this software.
b. Browsing certain malicious websites may cause computer viruses or damage.
c. Inability to download due to file providers or network issues.
3.Users should strengthen their awareness of personal information protection to avoid unnecessary harassment to their personal lives.
4.Stealing other users' numbers or harassing others using network communications is illegal. Users shall not use any illegal means such as testing, deception, etc. to steal other users' numbers or harass others.
5.BAIT Lab kindly reminds users to install this software product through our designated website or method. Beware of downloading this software from non-designated websites, as malicious programs can infect and damage user computer data and obtain user privacy information.
6.BAIT Lab values users' privacy protection and guarantees that this software product does not contain any functional code that tracks or monitors users' computers or operations, or leaks users' privacy.
BAIT Lab specifically reminds users that BAIT Lab has the right to modify or interrupt services at any time without notifying users in order to protect the independent rights of project development and adjustment. BAIT Lab shall not be responsible to users or any third party for exercising the right to modify or interrupt services. Users must agree to these terms before BAIT Lab begins to provide services to users.
BAIT Lab solemnly reminds users to pay attention to the provisions of this agreement that exempt BAIT Lab from liability and increase user obligations. Users should read them carefully and consider the risks on their own. Minors should read this agreement under the guidance of their legal guardians. The final interpretation and modification rights of the above terms and conditions are owned by BAIT Lab.
If you have any comments on BAIT Lab and this software product, please feel free to consult BAIT Lab.
